Add Java Live Heap profile types (#18513)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/profiler/enabling/java.md

### Datadog profiler allocation engine

The Datadog allocation profiling engine contextualizes allocation profiles, which supports allocation profiles filtered by endpoint.
In dd-java-agent earlier than v1.17.0 it is disabled by default, but you can enable it with:

```
export DD_PROFILING_DDPROF_ENABLED=true # this is the default in v1.7.0+
export DD_PROFILING_DDPROF_ALLOC_ENABLED=true # this is the default in v1.17.0+
```

or:

```
-Ddd.profiling.ddprof.enabled=true # this is the default in v1.7.0+
-Ddd.profiling.ddprof.alloc.enabled=true # this is the default in v1.17.0+
```

For JMC users, the Datadog allocation events are `datadog.ObjectAllocationInNewTLAB` and `datadog.ObjectAllocationOutsideTLAB`.

The allocation profiler engine does not depend on the `/proc/sys/kernel/perf_event_paranoid` setting.

### Live-heap profiler engine

_Since: v1.17.0_

The live-heap profiler engine is useful for investigating the overall memory usage of your service and identifying potential memory leaks.

> The engine samples allocations and keeps track of whether those samples survived the most recent GC cycle. The number of surviving samples is used to estimate the number of live objects in the heap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The engine samples allocations and keeps track of whether those samples survived the most recent garbage collection cycle. The number of surviving samples is used to estimate the number of live objects in the heap.
```
